
I built the GenGo app as a Freemium app. This Service is provided at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies on the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy: 
I do not personally, knowingly, collect, share or sell any of your information.
The app does however use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you (Google Play Services, AdMob).
In case of an error in the app, data and information can also be collected on your phone.
This data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version,
the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
As stated before, the app may - now or in the future - employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
Currently, the main purpose of these third party companies is to provide a means for commercial transactions (app upgrade or donations) as well advertisements display. These operations require an internet connection. 
Remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee the absolute security of any such operation.
This Service may contain links to other sites (Banner Ads for example). If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. 
Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2024-03-11
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at gengoApplication@gmail.com.
This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator.
